Dear Dr Olikh,

Re: "Defect engineering using microwave processing in SiC and GaAs"
Article reference: SST-108576

We have now received the referee report(s) on your Paper, which is being considered by Semiconductor Science and Technology.

The referee(s) have recommended that you make substantial changes to your article. The referee report(s) can be found below and/or attached to this message. You can also access the reports at your Author Centre, at https://mc04.manuscriptcentral.com/sst-iop

Please consider the referee comments and amend your article according to the recommendations. Please send us the following:
- point-by-point replies to the reviewer comments (this should be anonymous) and a list of changes you have made (if your changes are not highlighted in the manuscript)
- an anonymous PDF of the complete revised manuscript with tracked changes (designated 'Complete Document for Review (PDF Only)'). This should not include author information, funding information, any ethical statement or acknowledgements
- source files for the revised manuscript with no tracked changes or comments. This should not be anonymous. This should be in either Word/TeX/LaTeX format, with all author information, funding information, any ethical statement and acknowledgements included
- any supplementary files
- any permissions that you have obtained

For further information visit https://publishingsupport.iopscience.iop.org/questions/how-to-prepare-your-revised-article/

Please upload the final version and electronic source files to your Author Centre by 22-Apr-2022.

If we do not receive your article by this date, it may be treated as a new submission, so please let us know if you will need more time.

We encourage authors to share their research data via a data repository that has been widely adopted within their research community. If one is not available, you may use a general data repository. Information on our data policy, including data repositories and data citations is available at: https://publishingsupport.iopscience.org/iop-publishing-data-availability-policy.

Please note that if the referee(s) and Editorial Board are not satisfied with the changes to your manuscript, it may still be rejected.

We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Yours sincerely

Hector Murphy

On behalf of:

Semiconductor Science and Technology
Editor-in-Chief: Koji Ishibashi

REFEREE REPORT(S):
Referee: 1

COMMENTS TO THE AUTHOR(S)
This manuscript reports on the microwave treatment to the several semiconductor materials and changes in deep level parameters by the treatment. The experiment is interesting and results are surprising. However, to believe the author's suggested physics,  there are not enough experimental and theoretical evidences.

1. Details that how the microwave treatments affect the semiconductors are not clear. The author claimed that it was not only heating up, and several possibilities were suggested. But still the physics of the microwave treatment is very unclear for the reviewer.

2. The author's suggested modifications of the defects are too drastic. Such the defect modifications change the deep level parameters more. For exapmle, deep level parameters for V_Si V_C and V_C in silicon carbide have been identified by both the experiments and theoretical calculations, and their parameters are very different. The small changes in deep level parameters should be other reasons. They should be experimental errors or very small modifications of the defect structures.

3. The adopted deep level observation techniuqe is not so common, and it is difficult to judge measurement accuracy. For confirmation of the results, conventional techniques such as DLTS should be employed simultaneously.

4. The materials observed are not the state of the art materials in industries. Therefore, even if the results and physics are truth, the impacts of this manuscript are limited. If the microwave treatment has surely advantages compared with conventional processes, the author can apply it to industry important materials, such as 4H-SiC or GaN.

Referee: 2

COMMENTS TO THE AUTHOR(S)
The paper entitled "Defect engineering using microwave processing in SiC and GaAs" presents the evolution of defects after microwave irradiation of SiC and GaAs. The changes of defect parameters, such as defect level positions and capture cross sections, of differently doped 6H-SiC and GaAs have been presented. I recommend the paper to be published in Semicond. Sci. Technol. after major revisions:
1. I suggest the authors concentrating on a specific semiconductor, digging deeply on the evolution of defects after MWT, and discussing the effect of doping on the process. The current work relates to the type of the host, the single crystal/epitaxial layers, doping concentrations. Readers lost easily during the introduction of results and discussions.
2. The authors carried out MWT experiments on differently doped SiC or GaAs. Did the concentration of dopants change the evolution of point defects? The Fermi level is different for differently doped hosts, which charge states of intrinsic defects and MWT-induced defects, and thus the interaction, may be different.
3. The Pool-Frenkel effect is related to defect states of dislocations. Yes, some works dealt the interaction between irradiation-induced point defects and dislocations, such as Appl. Phys. Lett. 117, 023501 (2020) and J. Mater. Chem. C 9, 3177 (2021). But I didn’t see any detailed discussion in this work.
4. Typos throughout the manuscript should be corrected, including but not limited to:
(1) “and semiconducting compounds including [6, 8]”
(2) “doping degree”
(3) “0:31÷0:33”

Referee: 3

COMMENTS TO THE AUTHOR(S)
The reviewed manuscript presents results on investigation of deep levels in various materials before and after microwave treatment with different durations (doses). Therefore, the investigation is not well focused, since the nature of defects is different for different materials, and they not necessarily should be governed by the same trends. The results could present interest, even though the investigated materials are not the state of the art ones in industries. However, the used experimental method is not widely approved, and the identification of the microscopic nature of defects is not an easy task even with widely used investigation methods such as DLTS or DLOS. As a result, the discussions about the microscopic nature of the observed defects and their reconfiguration during the microwave treatment as well as the made conclusions are not enough convincing (especially in cases when the deep level activation energies do not change very much under microwave treatment, as well as in cases when there is a large difference between the experimental results and those coming from theoretical consideration).
I consider that the manuscript is not suitable for publication in the present form. However, the reliability of the obtained results may be significantly improved, if the study is complimented with other methods of investigation such as DLTS or DLOS, at least for some of the investigated materials. Moreover, the DLTS method also gives information about the concentration of deep levels. In such a case, a comparison of parameters of deep levels obtained by TAV and DLTS, combined with an analysis of the results of previously performed investigations, may provide enough arguments confirming the proposed microscopic nature of defects and their transformations.