Ref: SM_2018_103
Title: Acoustically driven degradation in single crystalline silicon solar cell
Journal: Superlattices and Microstructures

Dear Dr. Olikh,

Thank you for submitting your manuscript to Superlattices and Microstructures. I have completed the review of your manuscript and a summary is appended below. The reviewers recommend reconsideration of your paper following major revision. I invite you to resubmit your manuscript after addressing all reviewer comments.

When resubmitting your manuscript, please carefully consider all issues mentioned in the reviewers' comments, outline every change made point by point, and provide suitable rebuttals for any comments not addressed.

To submit your revised manuscript:

    Log into EVISE® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=SM
    Locate your manuscript under the header 'My Submissions that need Revisions' on your 'My Author Tasks' view
    Click on 'Agree to Revise'
    Make the required edits
    Click on 'Complete Submission' to approve

What happens next?

After you approve your submission preview you will receive a notification that the submission is complete. To track the status of your paper throughout the editorial process, log in to Evise® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=SM.

Enrich your article to present your research with maximum impact. This journal supports the following Content Innovations:

    Explain your research in your own words and attract interest in your work using AudioSlides : 5-minute webcast-style presentations that are displayed next to your published article and can be posted on other websites. You will receive an invitation email to create an AudioSlides presentation within three weeks after your paper has been accepted.

    Interactive Plots: Interactive plot viewer providing easy access to the data behind plots. Please prepare a .CSV file with your plot data and test it online here before submitting as supplementary material.

I look forward to receiving your revised manuscript as soon as possible.

Kind regards,

Dr Gil
Editor-in-Chief
Superlattices and Microstructures

Comments from the editors and reviewers:
-Editor

  -

The paper addresses study of an interesting scientific challenge related to modulation of electrical and optical properties of Si by influence of ultrasound waves. The exciting results are establishement of ultrasound-induced degradation of solar cells that is explained as enhancement of recombination processes. The article can be accepted for publication. Before acceptance, it would be interesting to include some discussions about the following points: 


1. Concentration of recombination centers such as B-O, Fe-B is more than 10^6 times smaller than that of matrix atoms. That might reduce the probability of ultrasound-induced tuning of recombination properties of such defects. 


2. The reason of the degradation is explained by the acoustically induced increase

in the carrier capture coefficient of point or extended defects. More detailed discussion of this point would be interesting as to whether it means ultrasound-induced transformation of the defects or why the change happened. 


3. How the surface of Si has been treated before the study of the influence of ultrasound? 



-Reviewer 1

  -

The paper addresses study of an interesting scientific challenge related to modulation of electrical and optical properties of Si by influence of ultrasound waves. The exciting results are establishement of ultrasound-induced degradation of solar cells that is explained as enhancement of recombination processes. The article can be accepted for publication. Before acceptance, it would be interesting to include some discussions about the following points:

1. Concentration of recombination centers such as B-O, Fe-B is more than 10^6 times smaller than that of matrix atoms. That might reduce the probability of ultrasound-induced tuning of recombination properties of such defects.

2. The reason of the degradation is explained by the acoustically induced increase

in the carrier capture coefficient of point or extended defects. More detailed discussion of this point would be interesting as to whether it means ultrasound-induced transformation of the defects or why the change happened.

3. How the surface of Si has been treated before the study of the influence of ultrasound?

 

 