Dear Oleh Olikh,

 

We want to express our sincere gratitude for your interest and application to the Fellowship Programme with EURIZON and for your patience during this whole selection process.

 

We regret to inform you that, after careful consideration, your application ID 117 “Machine learning-based defect engineering in silicon structures for thermal management and photovoltaics” has not been selected for this programme. We understand very well that this news may be disappointing, and we appreciate the time and effort you put into your application.

 

We apologize for the extended duration of the selection process, which was primarily due to the very high response we received. With over 780 applications, it took nearly a year to secure a sufficient number of reviewers with the necessary expertise to assess each application thoroughly. Hundreds of experts across many different scientific fields participated in this international effort. The selection process involved three main stages: an eligibility check, the external review by independent experts, and final decision-making by the EURIZON Scientific Review Panel. If you would like to receive the feedback on your application, please send a message with the ID and title of your application to " applications@eurizon-project.eu ". Please note that it will take several weeks to send all feedbacks.


We worked hard to secure additional funding from our funding agency to support as many projects as possible. Despite successfully increasing the budget from 1.5 million euros (initially planned) to 4.5 million euros, the success rate of the programme remains low, at approximately 8%. This made the final decision-making process challenging, as we received a high number of outstanding applications across various scientific fields. The reviewers were highly impressed by the quality of many projects, and we deeply regret that, due to budget limitations, we will not be able to fund many deserving projects of high quality.

 

The last Scientific Review Panel meeting took place on April 24th, the final list of selected projects was decided, but it took several days to inform and receive confirmation from selected teams, especially due to the difficult communication conditons in some regions of Ukraine.

As a result of the Programme we awarded in total 65 projects from several scientific domains, involving around 320 scientists from different regions of Ukraine. The onboarding process with selected Principal Investigators is underway, and once finalized, the full list of awarded projects will be published on the EURIZON website.

 

We want to emphasize that the mission of the EURIZON team to solicit more funding opportunities and collaborations for the support and resilience of the Ukrainian research system continues! We are confident that the extremely high number of applications underscores the urgent need for more projects and fellowships supporting scientists in Ukraine and it demonstrates the unwavering commitment of Ukrainian scientists to pursue scientific endeavors despite the extreme conditions caused by the Russian invasion.

 

We sincerely thank you for your patience and understanding throughout this process. Your engagement in science, despite challenging circumstances, is truly commendable.

 

Warm regards,

EURIZON Fellowship Secretariat