https://www.psd-24.polimi.it/

abstract-psd24@polimi.it

Шановний Організаційний Комітет!

Просимо розглянути можливість включення до програми The International Workshop on Positron Studies of Defects 2024 PSD-24 доповіді "Variability in FeB Pair Association Rates in Silicon under Ultrasound Loading: Effects of Acoustic Wave Types" (O. Olikh and N. Arutyunov). Відповідний файл приєднано до листа.

З повагою,
Автори

Dear Organizing Committee,

We kindly request the inclusion of our presentation "Variability in FeB Pair Association Rates in Silicon under Ultrasound Loading: Effects of Acoustic Wave Types" (O. Olikh and N. Arutyunov) in the program of The International Workshop on Positron Studies of Defects 2024 (PSD-24). The relevant file is attached to this email.

Sincerely,
The Authors




rafael.ferragut@polimi.it

Dear Prof. Rafael Ferragut,
PSD-24 Chairman

My name is Oleg Olikh, and I am a professor in the Faculty of Physics at Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, Ukraine. I am the presenting author for the oral presentation
"Variability in FeB Pair Association Rates in Silicon under Ultrasound Loading: Effects of Acoustic Wave Types" at the upcoming The International Workshop on Positron Studies of Defects 2024.

With over 25 years of experience in semiconductor defect research (Scopus Author ID: 6506623724), my primary areas of interest include defect engineering — particularly by ultrasound—and methods for defect characterization, incorporating machine learning techniques recently. The abstract, which is submitted for PSD-24, is reflective of my research interests and scientific pursuits.

Participating in conferences like PSD-24 is vital for me to stay abreast of our field's latest developments and share my findings with the international community. Traditionally, my research has been supported by state grants.

However, due to the devastating onset of the war, Ukraine is now unable to fund scientific research that does not pertain directly to military needs. Consequently, I find myself in the position of needing to request financial assistance. I am completely aware that requests of this nature have been frequent in recent years and may be burdensome.

Therefore, I kindly appeal to the Organizing Committee for a grant to cover the conference fee and travel expenses for my Ukraine - Italy - Ukraine journey.

Despite the difficulties, I continue my research activity in Ukraine. And I hope your support will enable my participation in the significant event that PSD-24 is, and allow me to fully engage with the global scientific community.


Thank you very much for considering my request. I look forward to hearing back from you.

Best regards,

Prof. Oleg Olikh,
Department of General Physics,
Physics Faculty,
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv,
Ukraine
olegolikh@knu.ua
tel.+380673169020