

Dear Prof. Olikh
I am writing to inquire whether you would be interested to apply for a joint project within the NCN call: https://www.ncn.gov.pl/en/ogloszenia/konkursy/impress-u?
The Partners would be University of Adelphi Dr Justyna Widera, University of Warsaw dr hab Renata Solarska (Coordinator) and You. The objective of the envisaged project will be evolution of hydrogen supported by the ultrasound or more fundamental insight, how does ultrasounds influence the hydrogen evolution mechanism/kinetics: challenges and obstacles...or sth similar. Therefore, your competences and experience in physics and implementation of ultrasound would be invaluable. Please let me know how it sounds to you and if you are willing to contribute to this project with your skills and knowledge. 

Sincerely,
Renata Solarska

=================
Renata Solarska PhD. Dr Sc.,
Head of Laboratory for Solar Energy Innovations
Centre of New Technologies, University of Warsaw,
Banacha 2c, 02-097 Warsaw, Poland


r.solarska@cent.uw.edu.pl

Dear Dr Renata Solarska,

мені надзвичайно приємно було отримати вашого листа з пропозицією. Тим більше, що я вважаю запропоновану вами тему досліджень (hydrogen evolution mechanism/kinetics) надзвичайно важливою та перспективною.
Для мене було б цікаво взяти участь у подібному проєкті. 

Проте мушу зізнатися, що раніше я не мав справу з водневими технологіями.
Наша наукова групи має досвід utilizing ultrasound for defect engineering in semiconductor та застосування акустичних коливань як додаткового чинника під час різноманітних технологічних процесів (відпал, виготовлення плівок).
Крім того, Our areas of scientific expertise include experimental investigations of semiconductor structures for thermoelectrics and solar cells (current-voltage measurements, capacitance and impedance measurements, photoacoustic and photothermal techniques); applying machine learning for defect characterization.

 
 
Kind regards,
Oleh Olikh, Dr. Hab,
Head of the Department of General Physics
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv
olikholeg@gmail.com


---------------------------------------

Dear Dr. Renata Solarska,

It was a genuine pleasure to receive your letter and proposal. I am interested  by the research topic you suggested—hydrogen evolution mechanism and kinetics—which I find both significant and promising. I would be highly interested in participating in such a project.

However, I must acknowledge that I have not previously worked directly with hydrogen technologies.
Nevertheless, our research group has substantial experience in utilizing ultrasound for defect engineering in semiconductors and employing acoustic waves as an additional factor in various technological processes, such as annealing and film fabrication.

Furthermore, our scientific expertise encompasses experimental investigations of semiconductor structures. This includes current-voltage measurements, capacitance and impedance measurements, photoacoustic and photothermal techniques, as well as applying machine learning for defect characterization.

Kind regards,
Oleh Olikh, Dr. Hab,
Head of the Department of General Physics
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv
olikholeg@gmail.com
