Oleg Oleg
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv
64/13, Volodymyrska Street
Kyiv  01601

RE: (Ultrasonic Treatment Effects on CuS1.8 – CdSe Structures)

Dear Dr. Oleg Oleg:

As a reminder your II-VI Workshop presentation is scheduled for the following session:

Poster Session (Paper No. P.2)

Room: Chicago Ballroom

YOUR FOUR-PAGE EXTENDED ABSTRACT, INCLUDING ALL ILLUSTRATIONS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY
AUGUST 25, 2017.

Four-page Extended Abstracts of all papers will be published in the Book of Extended
Abstracts, which will be distributed at the Workshop.  Please include your
telephone, fax, and e-mail address in the author's byline.  To help you with the
preparation of your extended abstract, a list of instructions are posted on the
conference website (www.ii-viworkshop.org).

In order to ensure your abstract will appear as you intend it is strongly advised
that abstracts be submitted as a .pdf file.  If unable to submit as a .pdf file, an
MS Word file will also be acceptable.  Your Extended Abstract should be submitted
online at the link at the bottom of this email. If your link is not working or you
misplace it, please email Samantha Tola (stola@pcm411.com) and she will resend you
the link.  Please insert the above referenced paper number on the title of your
document (i.e.
II-VI paper Session1Paper1.pdf) when submitting your extended abstract.

The Journal of Electronic Materials (JEM) will publish the 2017 U.S. II-VI workshop
papers in its special issue of the peer-reviewed workshop proceedings (usually
around August of the following year). All authors of the invited contributed and
poster presentations will be asked to submit their manuscripts to the workshop
proceedings for peer review online using the link provided by JEM. Each submitted
paper will go through a formal review process. All reviews will occur online in a
secure environment. Letters and comments concerning the papers will be transmitted
via email to the corresponding author. The details of the paper submission process
and the dates for submission will be emailed separately.

PowerPoint slide presentations will be shown at the Workshop by an electronic
projector driven by a laptop computer with a Windows operating system.  To use this
system, you must bring your presentation on a USB and upload your presentation onto
the Workshop computer well before your session begins. If you require other audio
visual equipment, please notify Samantha Tola at (212) 460-8090 x 203, fax:
212-460-5460, email: stola@pcm411.com by September 15, 2017.

Please visit our website (www.ii-viworkshop.org) for more information on the venue,
hotel reservations, invited speakers and workshop particulars.        

Link to submit your Extended Abstract
https://www.sheridanprinting.com/pcm/iivi/iivi_ea.cfm?id=0A020D04